Broaden frontend software criteria (#2496)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/frontends.md

> We only consider frontends for websites which are...
> 
> - Normally only accessible with JavaScript enabled.
> - Normally only accesible with an Account.
> - Block access from VPNs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We only consider frontends if one of the following is true for a platform:

- Normally only accessible with JavaScript enabled.
- Normally only accessible with an account.
- Blocks access from commercial [VPNs](vpn.md).
```
